Woo hoo.
We are getting into objects, this is a massive section.
Very, very important for you to understand.
So I'm excited.
Let's start getting through it.
Remember a while ago we see a the 2.2 types and JavaScript simple and complex.
And because the programming community want to intimidate all of us, they term it primitive and objects.
So what is objects?
This is the whole point of this section.
Let's step back and Google JavaScript.
Guess what comes up?
On the front page, it says JavaScript is an object oriented computer programming language, and this
brings us onto objects.
Programming is obsessed with objects.
Professional programming languages use a style of programming known as boot or object oriented programming.
So what is an object?
An object could be a garden, a house, a brick, a car could be a button on your web page.
Sometimes it's actually easier to ask what is not an object?
And the answer is not much.